it's that time again it is time for me
to show you my helioptile collection and
now that I think about it I really
should have got a calculator beside me
before I did this but I don't have one
so oh well so anyway here we go let's
just start it off have starting out with
my custom cars that people sent me
including some that just don't fit in
pages or sleeves or whatever at this
mega zip eex and I apologize that I
don't know who sent what but oh well
then we have this zippy e^x and a
lightning energy with a helioptile on it
then moving on here we have two of these
jump festa promos I would love to get
another one if possible just to have
three on the top row you know these
still go for about $15 so yeah just
think about that then we have two full
art zippy ex1 awesome really look
realistic
helioptile a x2 mega zippy X is like the
Jumbo I just showed this hylia mega
helioptile
zippy e ex full art
helioptile ex full art zippy full art so
cute and we have zippy mega zippy
dragon-type skulls the zippy including a
picture of my new Peaks that mine is
real of course looks like there's
something else behind there no nope nope
mine zippy level X zippy zippy with
awesome looking electric streaks coming
out then we have this Arceus and
helioptile legend
this is zippy this is a sculpture table
TCG supporter zippy e^x and a skull
energy and just pause to see what
everything does there's a helioptile
zippy with the top hat a helioptile
helioptile II X then we have skulls
zippy for zippy full art zippy ex4 zippy
e ex full art again this is a PE x4 or I
going to call that a large art actually
zippy e ex full art helioptile that's
kind of a custom or a signature card
rather but it goes in here since the
second laptop
mega zippy e^x zippy e^x floor then we
have this zippy
helioptile level zippy is awesome
electric energy with all the different
zippy arts in the TCG so far full art
zippy e ex dynamo with helioptile looked
helioptile e^x this is a zippy e X and
this is kind of hard to see but there's
riding all over this so that's a
signature card and then there's this
full art as a PT X and now let's go to
the actual cards which I know most of
you that's what you care about so anyway
we're starting off with first edition
cards from wild blaze we have 9 18 27 36
45 54 63 72 81 90 99 108 117 136 126 I'm
sorry 126 first edition wild blaze
Japanese then we have the first edition
from phantom gates so 9 18 27 36 45 54
63 72 81 90 94 and then we have English
cars these are the regular edition from
flash fire we have a lot let's see how
long it takes before I lose count 9 18
27 36 45 54 let's see if I can't get in
the lighting perfectly 63 72 81 90 99
108 117 126 135 144 153 162 171 180 189
198 207 1/6
I'm sorry 3 sick
team 3:25 334 343 352 361 370 no that's
351 and then 360 369 378 387 396 405 414
423 that's a fake card I just realized I
don't know what to do now I'll figure
that out Flo crap I lost count
completely lost count hold on okay so I
I did was I put the fake card at the
front as a custom helioptile card and I
just moved one of the regular cards into
that slot so this was 423 432 441 450 1
2 3 4 5 455 flash fire helioptile cards
that's a lot I challenge anyone to
gather more helioptile cards than that
and that's just from flash fire now
we're on to this edition from phantom
forces the very very cute one so we have
9 18 27 36 45 54 63 71 we have 71 of
that edition and now this edition from
phantom forces 9 18 27 36 45 54 63 72 81
82 82 of that version that's a lot I'm
going to need to actually watch this
video afterwards see what the total
counts were for each of them and then
put the total number in the description
that's what I'm gonna do yeah okay so
now we have the reverse from flash fire
9 18 27 28 29 almost 30 of the reverses
which is pretty significant because
verse hollows are really hard to pull I
don't think I've pulled a single reverse
holo helioptile of this variety yet all
of them have been FC BMS or traits and
then we have four of this reverse
version and five of this reverse version
then we also have to Korea and Helia
tiles from their wild playset so that's
awesome
I am collecting as many languages as
possible - I'd love to get my hands on
some German or French ones then just
some random Helio lists that I collect
on the side they're not a priority
hollows from wild blaze we have sleeve
vest torn we have ten total there and
then four hollows from Phantom Gate now
we have English alia lists we have 9 18
19 20 21 non hollow from flash fire we
have 7 reverse holo from flash fire 7
theme deck hollows from flash fire so at
one point another seven people bought
theme decks and then sent me their
Hollow Helia lists 5 hollows from
phantom forces and 4 reverse halls from
phantom forces and that my friends sums
up my helioptile collection right now I
really don't know how far I want to get
I want to get at least to a thousand
helioptile cards overall I think I'm
really close to that I don't know the
total will be in the description so that
does it for this fun video thanks so
much for watching and stay tuned for
more